CO-3339: update permissions required for catalogs in-browser editing (#9067)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/personalization_and_dynamic_content/catalogs/catalog.md

### Method 2: Create in the browser

> To edit or create catalogs in the browser, you'll need the `manageCatalogsDashboardPermission` permission.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To edit or create catalogs in the browser, you'll need "Manage Catalogs Dashboard" permission.
```
